it's not just the US government which
has found itself an unpayable amount of
debt the people of the US have been
following suit looking around the world
we see that most people are encountering
this same mess even cultures who
typically don't use debt and mortgages
have expanded into these ways in recent
years there's no turning back you came
here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to discuss the debt the
serious amount that has been accumulated
over these recent years and I want to
begin with this article it covers some
of the information I covered recently
but connects into something very
important
beginning with the 69 percent of adults
admitted to having less than $1,000 in
the bank thirty-four percent said they
don't have any savings at all
now if these individuals were buying
precious metals or they had real estate
or some other type of asset I would say
that is totally fine however these
people most likely do not have anything
they have iPods and they have fancy
clothes and shoes but they don't have
any assets liabilities only and that
unfortunately a concern now that
connects them with this information 46%
of retirees die with savings of $10,000
or less and then you look at this the
number climbs to 57 percent among
retirees who are single so you're
looking at approximately half of these
people dying broke and to me that sends
a message home that is big these people
they have a bunch of savings and it
dwindles over the years and they have to
start living with less and less and less
and perhaps they have nothing at the
very end they can't pass anything down
should they decide to do so all they had
was most likely a little bit of savings
then perhaps some sort of fixed income
pension or government assistance of some
way what happens to all of that wealth
that they have accumulated they've been
working their whole lives why is it that
they don't have any savings this is the
monetary system it's designed to keep
you poor to make sure that you stay at a
level that you're at or lower they want
to push people down it's the whole
design of the system so that there's a
very very few set of elite and everybody
else middle class is being wiped out
looking at this creating economics calm
excellent website I'm actually going to
do a video if I can as soon as possible
about the sources that I use this is one
of them United States personal savings
rate you're looking at this from 1959
the 2017 very clear the trend is down
now while they say that apparently
there's been a little rise up it doesn't
matter the trend is down and why are
people saving less and less money well
there's one very important truth and
that is interest rates are declining
they were act let's say 20% in 1980 and
they have been declining ever since if
you're going to get essentially no money
back on your investment why would you
put your money there you need to take
more and more risk so you don't put it
in the savings account you put it in
let's say money market fund or you put
it in a mutual fund that you believe is
going to give you a return or perhaps
some sort of dividend fund so you get a
little bit of a paycheck every so often
I understand I understand what's going
on
however people not saving money that
means they're not worried about the
future they're not investing in a good
way putting money sort of into new
ventures look at this also from the same
website US government debt to GDP nobody
on here I'm sure needs to see this
information but it's good to repeat over
and over again look at it you're talking
about
the debt to GDP ratio a number that has
steadily been increasing over the years
the government cannot support this I've
always said that a hundred percent is a
good number to decide when it becomes
impossible mathematically to ever pay it
back that's not even factoring in all of
the unfunded liabilities trillions and
trillions and trillions of unfunded
liabilities that can possibly never be
paid back and even if you don't include
that they're still broke switching gears
a little bit we look at another broke
country and that is Puerto Rico look at
this the islands that almost doubled in
ten years
you can see the accumulation it's
showing a total of 74 billion based on
what I see here all I wanted to suggest
here is that countries and themselves in
debt they get into a crisis mode just
like Greece just like Cyprus and then
there are some solutions provided
there's always a debt restructuring and
oftentimes what I find is some level of
austerity it seems to be the general
course of action austerity measures
strangle the people they do nothing to
control the amount of debt out there it
is an
it's basically just punishment for the
average person so I believe that this
situation is going to be no different
the US government is going to have to
continue to fork out more and more money
for them and it is something unfortunate
because it is always always always the
banking establishments which caused this
to happen creating the debt in the first
place and watching it as it literally
drowns cities states provinces countries
everything in between EU antitrust
switching gears here
EU antitrust regulators aim to slap a
hefty fine an alphabet unit Google over
its shopping service for the summer
break in August and essentially what has
happened here is that Google is in big
trouble right here the EU competition
authority accused Google in 2015 of
distorting internet search results to
favor its shopping service harming both
rivals and consumers so essentially
they're saying you can't rig the system
so we're going to find you I think
Google is guilty of a lot I believe that
they are not necessarily a corporation
but they are one entity with the US
government perhaps with other
governments as well I simply don't
believe that corporations and government
are necessarily separate anymore I think
I see it as one basic entity then I look
at it from a different side and I
suggest just consider that if I made a
search engine and I also had a shopping
service company I would want to favor my
own
company over Amazon for example so I can
see where they're coming from on that
but I guess what the issue is that
Google comes off as being you know don't
do any evil and be honest and people
believe that it's unbiased and they get
that impression it's absolutely not I
mean Google is a business to say very
big business
and that's the way I look at it so
that's sort of both sides of the
equation anyway China is now getting its
power from the largest floating solar
farm on purse and you can see how
monstrous this is right here I think
it's just a tip of the iceberg based on
the amount of energy that China requires
but it's something good to say the least
I think that Solar is beneficial I think
that alternative forms of energy in
general are good you see the subsidies
going on but you see the subsidies in
oil and you see in gas and everything
else so there's no different there much
less actually for solar I just think
that it is something beneficial to move
in this direction and it also takes away
from the power of these particular
companies the oil companies and
everything else which have a
long-standing agreement with governments
around the world they also are you've
seen it very powerful before with BP
with everything if you read vultures
picnic you'll know exactly what I'm
talking about how powerful these
companies are how they have a
stranglehold around the country they
reside in but actually also foreign
countries as well so I think it's
beneficial consumer should consider
going organic because pesticides on
foods are far more dangerous than was
thought causing damage of the human
brain I've been researching and
researching this myself
over the years about the damage of
pesticides herbicides what has happened
to people over time as a result and also
the short term analysis and it is very
clear that this is not only damaging to
the nervous system of individuals but it
is also very very damaging to the
microflora
of the human body and essentially what
that means is that all of these healthy
bacteria in your intestines in your
basically inside of your body are
mutilated destroyed by the pesticides
that we consume and that's something
that I think is obviously very very
disastrous and it's not ever going to be
resolved it's just the way it is the
only thing that people can do
unfortunately yes choose organic but
more importantly than that because there
is contamination to a heavy degree is to
grow your own food if you have any land
if you have a balcony you can grow some
food inside you should be doing that you
can easily grow food inside I grow a
little bit of food inside you know was
living in Canada the weather's not
exactly the greatest all year round but
I grow food in an arrow garden it's not
much but it helps and it's you know an
organic system that you're running off
of you decide what goes into it and you
don't have to worry about pesticides
from the outside herbicides and
everything else that's being sprayed
upon us that's something that I suggest
people look into anyway don't want to
rant on that scientists in Australia
claim to have discovered what could be a
lifelong care for potentially fatal
allergies to peanuts shellfish and other
food I think on surface you look at it
and think well that's good I mean to
have a solution for people who could be
killed by these allergies I think it's
great the things you know I just
I look at it and I would get really
scared because the ability to turn off
the allergic response how do they do in
that well essentially and I don't see it
here now right here gene therapy when
you play around with the genes I believe
you're causing irreversible damage but
of course that's not allowed to be
discussed and the people who have a
potentially fatal allergy to some of
these good peanuts shellfish whatever it
is they'll sign up for it hey you got a
cure for me I'm going to go ahead and
sign up I don't think that's necessarily
a wise idea
for everybody you know I think you got
to do your research let me put it that
way
and I just see the way that this is
always pushed on people and they think
that you know I should go ahead and do
it but it's so risky and not just this
I'm not not talking about this in
general but just what has been
considered safe before later down the
road is becomes so obvious that's it for
this video if you found that informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books someone in
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
go over to Amazon they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them take care I want to
thank each and every one of you for all
of the comments on the previous video
talking about the t-shirts I think that
I have so many good people and
subscribers out there and once again I
just want to thank each and every one of
you you can see right here I'm able to
sell up to 10 different t-shirt designs
I had like me
a hundred different suggestions from
that previous video which please still
continue to bring them if you have any
more even in this video comments here or
preferably in the other one but
essentially I think that this is going
to be something very cool
anyway to say the least so I'm going to
go ahead I'm going to create as many as
I can I'm probably going to have to hire
somebody to do this so there's some
cheap websites out there that I found
that have some good stuff I might try to
do my own we'll see anyway I want to
thank you that's it
take care